I know people this bow again I heard
y'all one day my daughter you can have
her home by 11:00 right yeah that's that
time of year again we're about to see
all kind of photos on social media a
father standing there holding rifles and
shotguns standing next to some teenage
boy that they're having to have the talk
to I know it's a joke nine times out of
ten today it's a joke but let's talk
about the joke because it's a not a good
joke and it's sending a message to your
daughter and I'm not sure that you
realize the message is sending
it's probably not one you actually want
to send so what's a joke the joke is
that if this boy isn't threatened with a
firearm that he's gonna force himself on
your daughter man if you believe that
you probably shouldn't let him go out I
mean that seemed kind of reckless on
your part I mean that shouldn't even be
a possibility if you even believe that
in the slightest
you got any inkling you need to stop
that date before it starts now the
alternative is that you don't believe
that and then I got to ask why you're
waving a firearm around I know
somebody's gonna say well it's not about
him forcing himself owner it's about bad
judgment you don't kill him over a bad
judgment huh okay let's talk about the
message you're sending to your daughter
first she needs a man to protect her
she's not capable of doing that herself
and you'll be there shotgun in hand
until she's married and you hand her off
to some other man right
it's that property rights thing we
talked about in that other video it's a
very dated concept and to be honest guys
is a little creepy
the other message you send in is that
you don't trust her you don't trust her
you don't trust her judgment
because you don't trust her judgement in
the boy that she picked and you don't
trust her to do what you want her to do
so much so that you got threatened to
kill this boy so if she wants to do
something that you don't want her to do
he'll still say no man that's a lot of
distrust they're not very empowering any
of this what do you think is gonna
happen if you own Juliette goes a little
bit farther than daddy once or two you
think she's gonna come home and tell you
oh no because you're gonna put a load of
buckshot in a Romeo killing
communication with your daughter guys
and then think about that two young
people out there doing that without all
the information a lot of bad things can
happen that way if only there was
someone in their life and her life they
cared enough to tell her how to be safe
or I guess you could post a photo on
Facebook I guess that's cool to the
other side to this coin is that I do
understand that there are times when you
need may need to put the fear of God
into some teenage boy I get that it
might happen I had to do it she was 16
he's a couple years older and he wasn't
a bad guy in the sense that he was gonna
hurt her but he made a lot of dumb
decisions you know what I didn't need to
have that conversation firearm
you need a firearm to intimidate a
teenage boy as a father that says more
about you than him
these are not toys this is the guns
aren't toys guns aren't props if you're
breaking out a gun you should be getting
ready to destroy or kill something if
you're not what are you doing what
message are you really trying to send
does it have anything to do with your
daughter or does it have to do with you
looking like a real man and in the
process pointing out that you can't
intimidate a teenage boy without a gun
I'm gonna assume that since you took the
time to take a photo with your
daughter's boyfriend that you're
involved in her life you probably want
her to feel empowered she doesn't need a
man to protect her she's got this you
probably want her to feel trusted you
probably want her to have all the
information she needs you probably want
her to be able to come to you with
anything it's time to let this joke die
guys it's not a good look it's not a
good joke it's saying a lot of bad
things all at once and please put the
guns away unless you need it just
something to think about y'all have a
good night